Update dotnet sln for 3.0 (#15545)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-sln.md

- **`PROJECT_PATH`**

  The path to the project to add to the solution. Add multiple projects by adding one after the other separated by spaces. [Globbing patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) are also supported on Unix/Linux-based terminals.

#### Options

- **`-h|--help`**

  Prints out a short help for the command.

- **`--in-root`**

  Places the projects in the root of the solution, rather than creating a solution folder. Available since .NET Core 3.0 SDK.

- **`-s|--solution-folder`**

  The destination solution folder path to add the projects to. Available since .NET Core 3.0 SDK.

### `remove`

Removes a project or multiple projects from the solution file.

#### Synopsis

```dotnetcli
dotnet sln [<SOLUTION_FILE>] remove <PROJECT_PATH>
dotnet sln [<SOLUTION_FILE>] remove [-h|--help]
```

#### Arguments

- **`SOLUTION_FILE`**

  The solution file to use. If not specified, the command searches the current directory for one. If there are multiple solution files in the directory, one must be specified.

- **`PROJECT_PATH`**

>   The path to the project to remove from the solution. Remove multiple projects by adding one after the other separated by spaces. [Globbing patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) are also supported on Unix/Linux-based terminals.

Reviewer: I'm concerned about the sentence on globbing. My understanding is that the unix shell expands glob patterns before invoking the `dotnet` command. Adding this statement makes me wonder if globbing is implemented in the command. If it was, I would think I should quote the pattern:  `dotnet sln remove '*.*'`. I don't that's what you meant. If globbing is performed by the shell, I'd reword it as follows:

```suggestion
  The path to the project to remove from the solution. Remove multiple projects by adding one after the other separated by spaces. Unix/Linux shell [globbing pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) expansions are processed correctly by the `dotnet sln` command.
```

Author: Yes, they're performed by the shell, not by the CLI.
